>> Steve Kinney: So
we have all of that in place, and
we can see that we're now earning an A+.
I had one little thing that I had to fix,
and I'm not sure if it was a mistake I
made when I set up, or
something that I messed up along the way.
You may or may not have had this,
where it was the /note/1
was a valid 200, but
I was getting a 404 on the root.
So I just handled that relatively
easily by making that okay as well.
So again, we can program everything
along the request and the response.
Let's try one more, which is,
one of the things that we, a lot of times,
do with a server is redirects.
Right, this is, again, we're talking
about maybe, if they haven't logged in,
redirecting them to the login page.
The problem we have right now is, we've
been able to serve different content,
we've been able to change status codes.
Right, we've been able to show
a different picture of Prince.
But with a redirect, you don't wanna say,
hey, you're at notes, four, five, six,
when you're not actually logged in.
We wanna actually change the URL,
right, and that's a 302, and
we need some other
things in there as well.
So you kind of,
last thing that we're gonna try out is,
we're gonna go ahead and,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll go ahead and
basically make a redirect, right, and
this'll happen on origin request.
So as we go in, we leave CloudFront,
we hit the cache.
We're about to go to S3, rather,
right, hey, if we see this is a URL,
we can actually just generate
the response from there.
And that'll get cached on the way out.
So we'll make one more function together.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll call it,
>> Steve Kinney: I'm
feeling less inventive with names
all of a sudden, call it Redirect.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll go ahead,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
grab our request object this time.
>> Steve Kinney: So if you see me,
no, yeah, this'll be the request.
Right, I'm gonna take the request,
I'm gonna make a response.
Now since this involves both a request and
a response,
you know that the chances of me
typing the wrong one are pretty high.
So this is basically a late afternoon way
to see if everyone's paying attention, so
we'll try it out.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll get, and again,
if we looked in the Amazon docs for
what the shape of these look like.
If you ever forget, you can just
look at the shape of the object and
traverse to find what you need as well.
But if you do it enough times, you just
start remembering it, famous last words.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and then we
can basically make our own response.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll say that the status,
the status is actually the only
required property on a response object.
>> Steve Kinney: Say statusDescription:
'Found', and we'll give it some headers.
>> Steve Kinney: I could
probably clean that up slightly.
>> Steve Kinney: This is
gonna be our custom response,
maybe I'll even spell response correctly.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
and we'll say that the key
is Location, and the value is,
>> Steve Kinney: Very-secret.
So just take them to wherever
this really legit URL is.
So we've got this response object,
and we'll say if,
>> Steve Kinney: request.uri,
>> Steve Kinney: Is /secret,
we will simply.
>> Steve Kinney: With our response.
Otherwise,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
pass the request along to S3.
Right, so if it's this one
that we're looking for, cool,
we have a response ready to go for you,
it's 302 and it's redirecting you.
If not, we'll just keep
passing that request along.
You might be asking, how does AWS
slam.edge tell the difference between
a request and response,
I have no idea, so.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and so we'll go
ahead we'll and publish a new version.
>> Steve Kinney: Initial version.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll grab that first version there.
Add CloudFront,
we'll do this at origin request.
>> Steve Kinney: It should
work out of the box,
I am just gonna do an invalidation though,
for funsies.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, let's see
if CloudFront has distributed that yet.
So if we go to notes,
you should be at notes.
If we go to Secret,
>> Steve Kinney: Let's go ahead and
turn my volume off.
>> Steve Kinney: Apropos of nothing.
>> Steve Kinney: Nope, not yet,
hasn't distributed just yet, so
we'll give it a few seconds.
Another thing, anything you console
log will be put into CloudWatch.
So if you wanna see if
it's hitting at all,
I probably could have afforded
a console log in there.
If it doesn't work in a few seconds,
we'll go ahead and give it another shot.
>> Speaker 2: Is there a way to automate
deploys for after it's distributed?
Do you get a notification anywhere
that it's been distributed?
>> Steve Kinney: No, right, and so
this is actually one of the problems
we're trying to deal with.
Cuz our staging enviorment
is exactly the same as
our production environment
cuz it should be.
Right, and so what happens if one of my
queues deploys the new version of the app,
and they see the same old bug?
Does that mean it didn't get fixed or
that they were too fast, right?
So that is unfortunately, now, one thing
we can do for staging is to simply not
deploy to CloudFront, or let everything
pass through and not cache anything.
So on and so forth, right,
that would all theoretically work.
Except the fact that I just had
the idea just now talking to you.
So now it'll either have
been magically deployed, or
at least we should be getting consoles,
so we can debug it.
>> [MUSIC]
>> Steve Kinney: It works, so
if they go [LAUGH] to
superimportantwebsite.com/secret,
they will get Rickrolled, right,
cuz we modified the requests.
Apparently I was just impatient,
it likely worked the first time.
Cuz all I did was add console logs,
and to my knowledge,
console logs don't make code better.
[LAUGH] Agree to disagree,
[LAUGH] console logs make code great.
But yeah, so
now we're able to do a lot server stuff.
And again, we just kind of
took three different angles,
we looked at a viewer request,
an origin request, and a viewer response.
And we tried to solve things that,
no, I would totally need a server now.
And we realized that we
can program our CDN.
Right, we can do a lot of these
things at the CloudFront level, and
this will be closer to the user as well.
Right, that means, for the viewer request,
we'll cache that, right,
we're not going all the way
to a single server.
We don't have to deploy this
server around the world, right,
it's already deployed everywhere.
So when we modify that request,
we do that at the edge node.
And if CloudFront has that where we
change the request to, for the notes for
index.html, it's not gonna go to S3.
Right, they get that back immediately,
so then we cache that 302 redirect,
with the viewer responses potentially
already coming from cache already.
So we've just moved our entire client-side
application closer to our users.
>> Steve Kinney: So,
if you think about it,
all the problems we had with
our initial deploy are gone.
The URL is wonderful,
client-side routing works as it should.
Right, what we think are valid
routes count as 200s, and
invalid routes count as 404s.
We have a CICD pipeline so that basically,
any time we write code and
we push it out, we know it's going
there as long as the tests pass.
And finally, it's hosted around the world.
So we've solved, we've built ourselves,
honestly, a world class infrastructure,
for the smallest personal site to
the largest client-side application.
Right, so some additional things
that you can do with Lambda Edge.
And we talked a little
bit about A/B testing,
we did a little URL redirection as well,
header normalization, we talked about.
Because if you do decide you care about
certain headers with query strings,
you can at least cut down on cache misses
by making them all the same case, or
format a theme different ways,
so on and so forth.
Redirecting unauthenticated users, right,
you can do a lot of interesting things
to save you, depends on your use case.
For us, I know that we don't check to
see if they're logged in until our giant
client side app has been loaded and
parsed.
That stinks, so the experience right
now that we're trying to fix is,
you go in, our cookies last for 24 hours.
So you go and refresh your browser
when you come into work the next day.
You see the UI for a second,
[LAUGH] and then you get kicked back.
I would love to rid of that experience,
right, and so
there's an opportunity to us do that as
we rework a lot of our infrastructure.